Adaptive Second Skin of Toxins
This suit is shaped of tough leather and set with thousands of tiny barbs
on the inside, all thankfully pain-free to the touch.
Keywords: Light Armor, Magic
Item Prerequisite: Five rabid honey badger pelts, the quills
of a hedgehog
Project Source: Texts or lore in Yllyric
Project Roll Characteristic: Agility or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this armor, you gain a +6 bonus to Stamina,
and you have immunity to acid and poison damage equal to your
highest characteristic score.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12. Additionally,
whenever an adjacent creature deals damage to you, they take 3 acid or
poison damage (your choice).
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21, and an
adjacent creature who deals damage to you takes 6 acid or poison
damage. Additionally, you can use a maneuver to transmute a 2-cube
area of liquid or gas adjacent to you into liquid acid or poison gas until
the start of your next turn. Any creature who enters the area for the first
time in a combat round or starts their turn there takes 6 acid or poison
damage, as appropriate.

Chain of the Sea and Sky
This set of heavy chain mail is created to allow free movement in
extreme environments without sacrificing protection.
Keywords: Heavy Armor, Magic
Item Prerequisite: A set of wings from a flying carp, a set of chain mail
rusted by seawater
Project Source: Texts or lore in Zaliac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this armor, you gain a +6 bonus to Stamina,
you can automatically swim at full speed while moving, and you
can breathe underwater for up to 1 hour. Returning to the surface
to breathe air again for any length of time reset’s the armor’s water-
breathing benefit.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12, and you have
cold immunity 5. Additionally, whenever you fall, you can extend your
arms (no action required) to unfurl a thick membrane between your
arms and your body, slowing your fall and allowing you to glide. While
gliding this way, you move downward at 1 square per round, and you
can glide up to 6 squares horizontally as a free maneuver once during
each of your turns.
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21, and you have
cold immunity 10. Additionally, whenever your feet are not touching
the ground (including floating in water or being in midair), you gain an
edge on ability rolls, and any ability takes a bane when targeting you.

Grand Scarab
The blue-purple carapace and wings of a gigantic scarab beetle have
been formed into an ornate breastplate.
Keywords: Magic, Medium Armor
Item Prerequisite: A giant scarab beetle carapace
Project Source: Texts or lore in Phaedran
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this armor, you gain a +6 bonus to Stamina
and you can fly. If you don’t end your turn on the ground, you fall.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12. Additionally,
you no longer need to end your turn on the ground to avoid falling.
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21. Additionally,
if you fly any distance before making a strike, that strike gains an edge.

King’s Roar
A sunmetal kite shield bears the face of a lion on its front, its mouth
opening wider over the course of battle.
Keywords: Magic, Shield
Item Prerequisite: A ballad of heroism, two ingots of sunmetal
Project Source: Songs in High Rhyvian
Project Roll Characteristic: Reason, Intuition, or Presence
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wield or carry this shield, you gain a +3 bonus to
Stamina. This Stamina bonus adds to the Stamina bonus granted by
other treasures. Additionally, you can use a maneuver to make the
shield’s lion face roar, choosing one adjacent creature or object and
pushing that target up to 3 squares.
5th Level: The shield’s bonus to Stamina increases to +6. When you
cause the shield to roar, you target one creature or object within 3
squares and push that target up to 4 squares.
9th Level: The shield’s bonus to Stamina increases to +9. When you
cause the shield to roar, you target one creature or object within 6
squares, you push that target up to 5 squares, and the target is slowed
until the end of their next turn.

Kuran’zoi Prismscale
Each scale of this iridescent armor shimmers with the faint image of a
frozen moment of time.
Keywords: Medium Armor, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: The eyes of a time raider who died valiantly in battle
Project Source: Texts or lore in Voll
Project Roll Characteristic: Intuition or Presence
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: You gain a +6 bonus to Stamina while you wear this armor.
Additionally, whenever a creature within 5 squares deals damage to
you, you can use a triggered action to capture a moment of time in the
armor, making that creature slowed until the end of their next turn.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12. Additionally,
when you capture a moment of time in the armor, the triggering
creature also takes corruption damage equal to twice your highest
characteristic score.
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21. Additionally,
whenever you capture a moment of time in the armor, you can
immediately release it to gain a +3 bonus to speed that lasts until the
end of your next turn.

Paper Trappings
This delicate robe is made from thousands of pages torn from books,
intricately folded together without a single thread to bind them.
Keywords: Light Armor, Magic
Item Prerequisite: Ten pages from each of a hundred different books
Project Source: Texts or lore in Anjali
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this armor, you gain a +6 bonus to Stamina.
Additionally, you can use a main action to fold in on yourself until you
and your gear are paper thin. This effect lasts for 1 minute, letting you
easily slip through any opening that is 1 inch wide or more. When you
return to your three-dimensional form, you are dazed for 1 minute. If
you return to your true form while in a space that is too small for you,
you are violently expelled into the nearest open space of your choice
and take 3d6 damage.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12, and when
you return to your true form, you are dazed only until the end of
your next turn. Additionally, while you are paper thin, you can use a
maneuver to wrap yourself around an adjacent target who is the same
size or smaller than you, automatically grabbing them.
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21, and you
are no longer dazed when you return to your true form. Additionally,
while you have a target grabbed when you are paper thin, you can use a
maneuver to constrict the target, dealing 10 damage to them. A creature
damaged this way takes a bane when using the Escape Grab maneuver
against you and when making strikes against you.

Shrouded Memory
This midnight-dark leather coat is embossed with fractal patterns that
appear different each time they are observed.
Keywords: Light Armor, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: The will of a deceased person with no heirs
Project Source: Texts or lore in Khelt
Project Roll Characteristic: Agility or Presence
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: You gain a +6 bonus to Stamina while you wear this armor.
Additionally, you gain an edge on tests made to lie about or conceal
your identity.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12. Additionally,
whenever you take damage, you can use a triggered action to teleport
up to 5 squares. If you do, you create an illusion of you dying in your
previous space, which fades at the end of your next turn.
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21. Whenever
you use the armor’s triggered action to teleport, you can teleport up to
a number of squares equal to the damage taken (minimum 5 squares).
Additionally, if a creature dealt you the triggering damage, you become
invisible to that creature until the end of your next turn.

Spiny Turtle
This heavy mechanized plate armor of gnomish make is designed to
create its own cover on the battlefield.
Keywords: Heavy Armor, Magic
Item Prerequisite: Ten steel gears from an ancient construct
Project Source: Texts or lore in Variac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this armor, you gain a +6 bonus to Stamina.
Additionally, you can use a main action to expand the armor on your
back to create a 4 wall of metal behind you. The wall is an object that
retracts if you move, or if it takes 15 damage. It then requires a main
action to recalibrate before it can be deployed again.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12, and the
damage the wall can take before retracting increases to 25. Additionally,
while the wall is expanded, spikes extrude from it, and any creature
who deals damage to the wall while adjacent to it takes 3 damage.
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21. Additionally,
spikes cover the armor, and any adjacent creature who deals damage to
you takes 6 damage.

Star-Hunter
Shimmering light flows like liquid along this suit of crystalline armor.
Keywords: Heavy Armor, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: A large vessel of astral ice, a pint of
supercooled mercury
Project Source: Texts or lore in Voll
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this armor, you gain a +6 bonus to Stamina,
but any magic ability gains an edge when targeting you. Additionally,
you instinctively know the location of any creature with concealment
within 2 squares. You can also turn invisible as a maneuver. Your
invisibility ends if you take damage or use an ability, or at the end of
your next turn.
5th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12, you instinctively
know the location of any creature with concealment within 5
squares, and your invisibility no longer ends at the end of your next
turn. Additionally, you have psychic immunity 5.
9th Level: The armor’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21, and you instinctively
know the location of any creature with concealment within
10 squares. Your invisibility no longer ends when you use an ability,
and you have psychic immunity 10.

Telekinetic Bulwark
An unseen force seems to draw this steel shield toward nearby creatures.
Keywords: Psionic, Shield
Item Prerequisite: Three ingots of steel, six crystals that resonate with
psionic power
Project Source: Texts or lore in Variac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wield or carry this shield, you gain a +2 bonus to
Stamina. This Stamina bonus adds to the Stamina bonus granted by
other treasures. Additionally, once per turn when an adjacent enemy
uses an ability, you can use a free triggered action to use the Grab
maneuver against that enemy. You can have any number of enemies
grabbed in this way.
5th Level: The shield’s bonus to Stamina increases to +5, and you can
use the shield’s free triggered action against any enemy within 10
squares who uses an ability. Additionally, any enemy who uses the
Escape Grab maneuver while grabbed this way takes a bane on the test.
9th Level: The shield’s bonus to Stamina increases to +9. Additionally,
you can use a maneuver to pull any number of targets the shield has
grabbed up to 5 squares.

Abjurer’s Bastion
An ornate ring is set with a large diamond that swirls with blue light, and
whose inner surface is etched with protective runes.
Keywords: Implement, Magic
Item Prerequisite: A diamond ring
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wield this implement, your magic or psionic
abilities that deal rolled damage gain a +1 damage bonus. Additionally,
whenever you deal rolled damage to a creature using a magic or psionic
ability, you gain temporary Stamina equal to your highest characteristic
score.
5th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +2. Additionally,
whenever you deal rolled damage using a magic or psionic ability, you
can use a maneuver to create an immobile field of protection that is
a 1 cube, around yourself or around an ally within 5 squares. While
in the area, you or the chosen ally has damage immunity 5. The field
disappears at the start of your next turn.
9th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +3. Whenever
you deal rolled damage to a creature using a magic or psionic ability,
you and each ally within 5 squares of you gains temporary Stamina
equal to your highest characteristic score. Additionally, the size of your
field of protection increases to a 3 cube, and it can be placed anywhere
within 10 squares of you. You and each ally in the area gain its benefits.

Brittlebreaker
This crystal wand thrums with power, yet is so thin and brittle that it
feels as if even a slight squeeze will shatter it.
Keywords: Psionic, Wand
Item Prerequisite: A handful of shattered quartz
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wield this implement, your magic or psionic
abilities that deal rolled damage deal an extra 2 psychic damage.
Additionally, you have damage weakness 3, and you gain an edge on
magic or psionic abilities if you aren’t at full Stamina, or a double edge if
you are winded.
5th Level: The implement’s extra psychic damage increases to 3. Additionally,
once per round when you take more than 20 damage from a
single source, the implement’s extra damage is doubled until the end of
your next turn.
9th Level: The implement’s extra psychic damage increases to 4. Additionally,
whenever you use a damage-dealing magic or psionic ability,
you can take half as much total damage as is dealt to all targets to
immediately use the same ability again. The damage you take can’t be
reduced in any way. You can’t use this benefit more than once a turn.

Chaldorb
A perfectly clear sphere is embossed with fine ivory and crystal that is
frigid to the touch.
Keywords: Implement, Magic
Item Prerequisite: An ounce of primordial ice, an ounce of mammoth-
ivory shards
Project Source: Texts or lore in Zaliac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wield this implement, your magic or psionic
abilities that deal rolled damage gain a +1 damage bonus. Additionally,
if you make a magic strike, the strike must deal cold damage instead of
its usual damage.
5th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +2. Additionally,
whenever you use a magic or psionic ability, a whirlwind of sleet and
ice whips around you, dealing 3 cold damage to each adjacent enemy.
9th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +3, and the
whirlwind you create when you use a magic or psionic ability deals
6 cold damage to each enemy within 2 squares of you. Additionally,
the whirlwind creates a 2 aura around you that lasts until the start of
your next turn. Each enemy who enters the aura for the first time in a
combat round or starts their turn there takes 6 cold damage.

Ether-Fueled Vessel
This bronze bottle has been shaped into the form of a ghostly figure.
Keywords: Implement, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: Incense distilled from the essence of ether
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Reason or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wield this implement, your magic or psionic
abilities that deal rolled damage gain a +1 damage bonus. Additionally,
whenever you deal rolled damage to a creature using a magic or psionic
ability, they become insubstantial to you until the end of their next
turn, allowing you to pass through them freely. While insubstantial, a
creature can’t make opportunity attacks against you.
5th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +2. Additionally,
when you move through a creature who is insubstantial to you, you
can use a free triggered action to deal damage to them equal to your
highest characteristic score. If you do, the insubstantial effect ends
immediately after you pass through the creature and into an adjacent
space outside them.
9th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +3. Additionally,
any creature who is insubstantial to you and isn’t a leader or solo
creature also can’t make opportunity attacks against your allies while
they remain insubstantial.

Foesense Lenses
These spectacles feature pink-tinted glass lenses held in a silver frame.
Keywords: Implement, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: Two clear lenses carved from volcanic glass
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Reason or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wield this implement, your magic or psionic
abilities that deal rolled damage gain a +1 damage bonus. Additionally,
whenever you deal rolled damage to a creature using a magic or psionic
ability, you can use that creature’s senses until the end of your next
turn, allowing you to experience all they observe and to use your
abilities as if you were in their space. You also benefit from your own
senses at the same time.
5th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +2. Additionally,
whenever you deal 20 or more rolled damage with a magic or psionic
ability to a creature whose senses you are using, that creature is weakend
until the end of their next turn.
9th Level: The implement’s damage bonus increases to +3. Additionally,
whenever you deal 30 or more rolled damage with a magic or psionic
ability to a creature whose senses you are using, that creature is dazed
until the end of their next turn.

Words Become Wonders at Next Breath
This ornate high elf tome seems to sigh each time it is opened.
Keywords: Implement, Magic
Item Prerequisite: Written permission from a high elf magistrate
Project Source: Texts or lore in Hyrallic
Project Roll Characteristic: Reason or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: You can open or close the tome as a maneuver while speaking
or thinking its full name. While the tome is open, it floats in an adjacent
space and flips to specific pages at your command, you gain an edge on
Reason tests made to recall lore, and you gain a +3 bonus to distance for
your ranged magic or psionic abilities.
5th Level: While the tome is open, the bonus to distance for your ranged
magic or psionic abilities increases to +5. Additionally, when you or a
creature you have line of effect to uses a magic or psionic ability, you
can use a triggered action to grant a +3 bonus to the power roll.
9th Level: While the tome is open, you automatically obtain a tier 3
outcome on Reason tests made to recall lore, and when you use a heroic
ability, its Heroic Resource cost is reduced by 1 (to a minimum of 1).

Authority’s End
This long, sinuous chain is composed entirely of broken links held
together by unseen power.
Keywords: Psionic, Whip
Item Prerequisite: A lash used to punish a mutineer
Project Source: Texts or lore in Khelt
Project Roll Characteristic: Reason, Intuition, or Presence
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon gains a +1 damage bonus. Whenever you damage a creature
with the weapon, you can immediately use a maneuver to end one
effect imposed by that creature on you or another creature within 5
squares of you.
5th Level: The weapon’s damage bonus increases to +2. Additionally,
you and each ally within 2 squares of you gains a +1 bonus to
saving throws.
9th Level: The weapon’s damage bonus increases to +3. Additionally,
you no longer need to use a maneuver to end one effect when you
damage a creature with the weapon. The weapon also refuses to vie for
control of your psyche, and no longer counts against the limit of leveled
treasures you can carry safely.

Blade of Quintessence
This crystal blade houses a stormy vortex of fire, ice, and lightning.
Keywords: Magic, Medium Weapon
Item Prerequisite: A ruby hardened in the fires of the City of Brass, a
sapphire that has been struck by lightning
Project Source: Texts or lore in Zaliac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon gains a +1 damage bonus. Additionally, you can change the
damage type of such abilities to cold, fire, lightning, or sonic.
5th Level: The weapon’s damage bonus increases to +2. Additionally,
the weapon can be used with ranged weapon abilities, and returns to
you when a ranged ability is resolved. Ranged abilities used with the
weapon increase their distance by 3, and must deal cold, fire, lightning,
or sonic damage (chosen when you use the ability).
9th Level: The weapon’s damage bonus increases to +3. Additionally,
while you wield or carry the weapon, you have immunity 10 to cold,
fire, lightning, and sonic damage.

Blade of the Luxurious Fop
Despite sporting an outrageously ornate hilt adorned with far too many
jewels, this blade remains perfectly balanced.
Keywords: Light Weapon, Magic
Item Prerequisite: A personal blessing from the greatest duelist in the
land, six fake and extremely shiny gemstones
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Agility, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon gains a +1 damage bonus. Additionally, whenever you deal
rolled damage with this weapon, you can immediately shift 1 square.
As well, while you wield or carry the weapon and are present in a
negotiation, if an NPC in the negotiation has the greed, legacy, power,
or revelry motivation, their starting interest increases by 1 (to a
maximum of 5).
5th Level: The weapon’s damage bonus increases to +2. Additionally,
when you make an opportunity attack against an enemy of your size
or smaller, you can use fancy footwork to knock them prone. You also
earn 1 Renown.
9th Level: The weapon’s damage bonus increases to +3. Additionally,
you have a double edge on any test you make using a skill you have
from the interpersonal skill group.

Displacer
This crystal battleaxe seems to pull at the hands that wield it, as if
anxious to leap across the battlefield.
Keywords: Medium Weapon, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: An ancient bronze gear covered in indecipherable
runes
Project Source: Texts in Zaliac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 psychic damage. Additionally, whenever you
deal rolled damage to a creature, you can use a maneuver to teleport
you and that creature, letting you trade places provided you both fit
into each other’s spaces.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 2. Additionally,
whenever you deal rolled damage to a creature, you can use a
maneuver to trade places with that creature or any creature within 4
squares of them, provided you both fit into each other’s spaces.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 3. Additionally,
whenever you deal rolled damage to a creature, you can use
a maneuver to trade places with that creature or any creature within
8 squares of them, provided you both fit into each other’s spaces.
Additionally, you can cause the creature you traded places with to be
weakened until the end of their next turn, or you can spend a Recovery.

Executioner’s Blade
This blade exudes a faint hum that grows louder as its quarry weakens.
Keywords: Heavy Weapon, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: The skull of a convicted criminal
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 psychic damage, or an extra 2 psychic damage
if the target is winded. Additionally, the first time in an encounter
that you cause an enemy to become winded with an ability using the
weapon, you gain 10 temporary Stamina.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 2, or to 4 if
the target is winded. Additionally, whenever you cause an enemy to
become winded with an ability using the weapon, you gain 2 surges
that you can immediately spend.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 3, or to 6 if
the target is winded. Additionally, you gain an edge on any ability using
the weapon against a winded target.

Icemaker Maul
The head of this iron hammer is cold to the touch and encases whatever
it strikes in a thin layer of ice.
Keywords: Heavy Weapon, Magic
Item Prerequisite: Eight iron bars cooled in a glacier, the branch of an
ancient evergreen
Project Source: Texts in Zaliac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 cold damage. Additionally, you can use a
maneuver to create an ice field in a 3 burst. The ground in this area is
difficult terrain for enemies, and lasts until the end of the encounter or
when you use this ability again.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra cold damage increases to 2, and the ice
field becomes a 4 burst. Additionally, whenever you use a weapon
ability using this weapon against one or more enemies in the ice field,
you gain 1 surge that you can use immediately.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra cold damage increases to 3, and the ice
field becomes a 5 burst. Additionally, any enemy in the ice field who is
reduced to 0 Stamina by an ability using the weapon can be shattered,
killing them and dealing 15 cold damage to each enemy within 3
squares of them.

Knife of Nine
This ivory dagger features nine faintly glowing indentations
along the blade.
Keywords: Light Weapon, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: Eighteen daggers—nine taken from personal
enemies and nine gifted by friends
Project Source: Texts or lore in Variac
Project Roll Characteristic: Reason or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 psychic damage. This extra damage increases
by 1 each time you deal rolled damage using the weapon to the same
target during the same encounter (to a maximum of 3).
5th Level: Whenever you reduce a creature to 0 Stamina with an ability
using this weapon, one of its indentations glows brighter. When you
use a signature ability using the weapon, you can use a triggered action
to expend any number of bright-glowing indentations, with the ability
dealing extra psychic damage equal to the number of indentations. The
expended indentations then return to a dim glow.
9th Level: If you make a weapon strike using this weapon against a
target after dropping down on them from a height of 2 squares or more,
the attack deals an extra 10 psychic damage. You can distribute all
extra psychic damage dealt by the attack between the target and any
enemies adjacent to them.

Lance of the Sundered Star
This needlelike lance is cast of shimmering metal and induces a yearning
for the skies in those who handle it.
Keywords: Magic, Polearm
Item Prerequisite: Night-blooming flower petals, a starmetal meteorite
Project Source: Texts or lore in Hyrallic
Project Roll Characteristic: Agility or Presence
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 holy damage. Additionally, when the weapon
is used with a weapon ability that allows you to push a target, you can
shift to any square adjacent to the target after the push.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra holy damage increases to 2. Additionally,
whenever you use the Charge main action and use an ability with the
Charge keyword, or whenever you use an ability that allows you to
shift, you can fly as part of the charge movement or the shift. If you
don’t end your flying movement on the ground, you fall.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra holy damage increases to 3. Additionally,
whenever the weapon is used with a weapon ability that allows you to
push or slide a target, that forced movement can be vertical.

Molten Constrictor
This flexible black-iron net burns with the heat of a volcano.
Keywords: Magic, Net
Item Prerequisite: Four iron bars coated in magma slag
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 fire damage. Additionally, whenever you make
a strike using the net and obtain a tier 3 outcome, you can automatically
grab the target. A target grabbed in this way takes a bane when using
the Escape Grab maneuver.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra fire damage increases to 2. Additionally,
a target grabbed by a strike using the net takes 8 fire damage each time
they attempt to escape using the Escape Grab maneuver.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra fire damage increases to 3, and the
damage taken by a grabbed creature attempting to escape increases
to 15. Additionally, you can use a maneuver to make a free strike with
another weapon against a target grabbed using the net.

Onerous Bow
This mechanized bow is set with magical reservoirs that carry the faint
tang of toxins.
Keywords: Bow, Magic
Item Prerequisite: A venom sac from a giant spider, one
valok gyroscope
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian and Variac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 poison damage. Additionally, any signature
ability using the weapon that obtains a tier 3 outcome also makes the
target weakened until the end of their next turn.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra poison damage increases to 2. A
signature ability made using the weapon that obtains a tier 3
outcome also makes the target weakened and slowed until the end of
their next turn.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra poison damage increases to 3. Additionally,
if you use an ability using the weapon that targets one creature
and you don’t have a bane or double bane on the ability, you can take a
bane. Doing so lets you target another creature adjacent to the original
target. Alternatively, you can have a double bane to target two creatures
adjacent to the original target.

Steeltongue
This sinuous whip reflects all light off its plated steel surfaces.
Keywords: Magic, Whip
Item Prerequisite: One hundred steel arrowheads stained with blood
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian and Kalliak
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: You gain a +1 bonus to melee distance with weapon abilities
using this weapon. Additionally, any damage-dealing weapon ability
using the weapon against a target who has A<v also leaves that
target bleeding (save ends).
5th Level: The weapon’s bonus to melee distance increases to +2. Additionally,
any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using the weapon
gains a +3 damage bonus against any target who is bleeding.
9th Level: The weapon’s bonus to melee distance increases to +3. Additionally,
if you use a signature ability using the weapon that targets
one or more bleeding creatures, you can use the same ability again
immediately as a maneuver.

Third Eye Seeker
The shifting patterns on this bow’s crystalline grip resemble dozens of
blinking eyes.
Keywords: Bow, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: Heart strings of a tapir, a pound of tiger’s
eye gemstones
Project Source: Texts or lore in Variac
Project Roll Characteristic: Reason or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 psychic damage. Additionally, any damage-
dealing weapon ability using the weapon that achieves a tier 3
outcome also leaves the target dazed until the end of their next turn.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 2. Additionally,
whenever a creature within distance of your ranged weapon free
strike uses a triggered action, you can use a triggered action after their
triggered action resolves to make a ranged weapon free strike using this
weapon against the creature.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 3. Additionally,
you have a double edge on weapon abilities that use the weapon
against creatures who have used a psionic ability since the end of
your last turn.

Thunderhead Bident
This bident is made from two pieces of moon metal twisted together, and
hums like a tuning fork.
Keywords: Magic, Medium Weapon
Item Prerequisite: A jar of captured thunder, two ingots of moon metal
Project Source: Texts or lore in Zaliac
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 sonic damage. Additionally, when the weapon
is used with any ability that pushes a target, you gain a +1 bonus to the
forced movement distance. If the weapon is used with a damage-dealing
ability that doesn’t impose forced movement, you can push the
target 1 square.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra sonic damage increases to 2, and the
additional distance or distance of a push for abilities using the weapon
increases to 2 squares. Additionally, the weapon can be used with
ranged weapon abilities, and gains power the farther it is hurled. For
each 2 squares the weapon travels to the target of a ranged strike, the
strike deals an extra 1 sonic damage.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra sonic damage increases to 3, and it deals
an extra 1 sonic damage for each square it travels as part of a ranged
strike. Additionally, whenever you make a weapon strike using this
weapon, each enemy adjacent to the target takes 6 sonic damage.

Wetwork
When first held, this naginata whispers the names of its past victims.
Keywords: Polearm, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: A folded metal blade infused with blood
Project Source: Texts or lore in Higaran
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: Any weapon ability that deals rolled damage using this
weapon deals an extra 1 psychic damage. Additionally, if you reduce a
creature to 0 Stamina using this weapon, you can immediately use a
maneuver to make a melee free strike.
5th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 2. Additionally,
if you reduce a creature to 0 Stamina using the weapon, you
can use a maneuver to make a melee free strike and can move up to 2
squares before or after the strike.
9th Level: The weapon’s extra psychic damage increases to 3. Additionally,
if you reduce a creature to 0 Stamina using the weapon, you can
use a maneuver to move up to your speed and make either a signature
ability strike or a melee free strike.

Bloodbound Band
This ring appears to be traced by dried blood, which returns each time it
is rubbed away.
Keywords: Magic, Ring
Item Prerequisite: A pair of obituaries that each mention the subject
of the other
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this ring, you gain a +6 bonus to Stamina.
Additionally, during a respite, you can touch the ring to any number
of other Bloodbound Bands worn by willing creatures to form a bond
among all of you. Creatures related by blood can’t form bonds in this
way. Bonded creatures can each use the highest recovery value of any
bonded creature in place of their own, and can spend each other’s
Recoveries as if they were their own. Whenever any other bonded
creature takes damage, each bonded creature takes 1 damage that can’t
be reduced in any way. Your bond ends if you remove the ring, use it to
bond with one or more other creatures, or die, but other rings continue
to be bonded to each other.
5th Level: The ring’s bonus to Stamina increases to +12. Additionally,
you have damage immunity 2.
9th Level: The ring’s bonus to Stamina increases to +21. Additionally, if
a creature bonded with you dies, you can choose to die in their place.
Your sacrifice twists fate to remove the creature from danger, and they
regain Stamina equal to their winded value. Your ring then teleports
into their possession and ceases to be magic.

Bloody Hand Wraps
These rough hand wraps are stained with blood that never comes clean.
Keywords: Hands, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: One cotton bolt soaked in the blood of
six adventurers
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Agility, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear these hand wraps, any weapon ability that
deals rolled damage using your unarmed strikes gains a +1 damage
bonus. Additionally, once per turn, you can take 5 damage that can’t be
reduced in any way to use the Grab maneuver (no action required).
5th Level: The damage bonus granted by the hand wraps increases to
+2. Additionally, once per turn, you can take 10 damage that can’t be
reduced in any way to make a melee free strike (no action required).
On your turn, you can use the wraps’ melee free strike option or Grab
maneuver option, but only one.
9th Level: The damage bonus granted by the hand wraps increases to
+3. Additionally, once per turn, you can take 15 damage that can’t be
reduced in any way to use a signature ability (no action required). On
your turn, you can use the wraps’ signature ability option, melee free
strike option, or Grab maneuver option, but only one.

Lightning Treads
Sparks strike from these boots whenever they touch the ground,
increasing in number as the wearer gathers speed.
Keywords: Feet, Magic
Item Prerequisite: One jar of lightning
Project Source: Texts or lore in Yllyric
Project Roll Characteristic: Agility, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear these boots, any weapon ability that deals
rolled damage using your unarmed strikes deals an extra 1 lightning
damage. Additionally, you gain a +2 bonus to speed.
5th Level: The extra lightning damage granted by the treads increases to
2. Additionally, for each square you move on your turn before you use
a weapon ability that deals rolled damage using your unarmed strikes,
this extra damage increases by 1 (to a maximum of 4).
9th Level: The extra lightning damage granted by the treads increases to
3, and your movement can increase that extra damage to a maximum
of 6. Additionally, you can use a maneuver to perform a flying lightning
kick on one adjacent creature. That target is pushed up to 5 squares,
and you can move to any square adjacent to the target after the push.

Revenger’s Wrap
When first handled, this tattered cloak fills the mind with
thoughts of revenge.
Keywords: Neck, Magic
Item Prerequisite: A cloak worn by a murdered monarch
Project Source: Texts or lore in Caelian
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Intuition
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this cloak, any creature who damages you
is marked for revenge until the end of your next turn or until another
creature damages you. Any strike you make against a creature marked
for revenge deals extra damage equal to your highest characteristic
score, and whenever you damage a creature marked for revenge, they
are also bleeding until the end of their next turn.
5th Level: Each creature who damages you is marked for revenge until
the end of your next turn. Whenever you damage a creature marked for
revenge, they are also bleeding (save ends).
9th Level: When you have three or more creatures marked for revenge
and you target one of them with an ability that targets only one
creature, you target all the creatures marked for revenge, regardless of
their distance from you and even if you don’t have line of effect to them.

Thief of Joy
This burnished copper torque thrums with a sense of judgment.
Keywords: Neck, Psionic
Item Prerequisite: A pound of feathers, a pound of bricks from the
Seven Cities of Hell
Project Source: Texts or lore in Anjali
Project Roll Characteristic: Might, Reason, or Presence
Project Goal: 450
1st Level: While you wear this torque, you gain a bonus to Stamina
equal to twice your highest characteristic score. Additionally, you can
use a maneuver to choose a creature in your line of effect and learn
their level. If their level is higher than yours, the torque grants you
envy. If their level is equal to or lower than yours, the torque grants you
disdain. You can have both envy and disdain from different creatures,
but not more than one instance of either.
Whenever a creature within 10 squares of you deals damage to another
creature, you can use a triggered action to expend your envy or disdain.
If you expend envy, you deal damage equal to the triggering damage
to a creature adjacent to you. If you expend disdain, you reduce the
triggering damage by half. At the end of the encounter, you lose any
envy or disdain granted by the torque.
5th Level: The torque’s bonus to Stamina increases to three times your
highest characteristic score. Additionally, when you use the torque’s
maneuver and the target creature is the same level as you, you gain
your choice of envy or disdain.
9th Level: The torque’s bonus to Stamina increases to five times your
highest characteristic score. Additionally, you can have multiple
instances of envy and disdain, with no limit on either.